---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-12-07
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on [PR 532](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/532) CSV 
  data for tests 
    * Created new csv-for-tests branch from develop
    * Added bash scripts to create `gigadb_testdata` and `production_like` pgdmp 
      files from corresponding CSV files
    * Testing scripts led to broken behat tests due to dataset view pages 
      blocked from loading because of 504 error
    * Created [issue](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/537) 
      for 504 Gateway Timeout problem
    * Rija previously experienced 504 Gateway error - will add notes to issue 537
* WL submission wizard
    * Deployed on staging server for curators to test
    * Started thinking about wider picture re: submission wizard use - what if 
      users do not use it? Emailed to Chris H for advice

### What will I do this week?
* Look into 504 Gateway Timeout issue
* Finish work on PR 532 CSV files for tests
* Continue planning for work in 2021

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Looked into caching issues in tests - initially thought caching needs to be 
  disabled for tests. Turns out invalidation query can still be used with a 
  query that selects current time - cache will always be invalidated but tests 
  will always work.
* Fixed problem when building test container, xdebug will need to use a more 
  recent PHP version. Instead, get xdebug to install version 2.9.8
* Fixed problem with FUW queues that do not launch because of migrations and 
  tests running at the same time. Need to run migrations before tests.
* Did some front end work done for user interface

### What will I do this week?
* Fix functionality for sending emails to authors
* Deploy FUW to cloud and update documentaiton 


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on Add hypothesis metadata schema, ready for final review and merge.
    * At first, fullDOI variable was added to CController.php, although it 
      worked, codes in vendor directory should not be changed, it was reverted.
    * Then added fullDOI variable to metaData array in Controller.php, define 
      `fullDOI` in `DatasetController`, call metaData['fullDOI'] in the 
      `new_datasetpage.php`, this is working and the behat test is passing.
    * Allow search engines to index GigaDB pages by changing noindex to index in 
      `new_datasetpage.php`, `new_faq.php` and `new_main.php`, and the behat 
      test is passing. This is for issue #515.
* Worked on Add delete button, ready for final review and merge.
    * Pass the behat test for curation_log by checking the last page of 
      `/datasetLog/Admin`.

### What will I do this week?
* Work on Publon project
    * Allow command line input of excel file
    * Handle article that has no DOI return
* Work on Add citation button
    * Test prefix 10.5072 has retired, need to find a replacement.
    * To pass behat test for Text, RIS and BibTex citation, as there will have 
      files downloaded when user click RIS or BibTex button, I need to find a 
      way to test this feature.

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None


<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
