---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-06-01
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Helped Ken: understanding  docker, Yii, gigadb-website and how it all fits together
* WL subwiz: 
  * List [database schema changes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15mSA2Qb9qvvvY0d1JufTvWWgZRyelZu-q5SswDGpr3k/edit#gid=0 ) made by WL for submission wizard
  * Worked on new database setup using Yii migration scripts. Started to split create schema from insert data code into schema and data migration scripts.
  * Directories containing these migration files will be organised as follows:
```
/migrations
    /schema        -> contains tables, sequences, views, etc from current production server
        /subwiz    -> contains tables, sequences, views, etc for new submission wizard
    /data
        /dev       -> provides limited data for gigadb development
        /prod_like -> provides production-like data
        /unit      -> data for running unit tests
        /func      -> data for running functional tests
        /accept    -> data for running acceptance tests

# Run schema migrations
docker-compose run --rm  application ./protected/yiic migrate --migrationPath=application.migrations.schema --interactive=0

# Run data migrations for local dev environment
docker-compose run --rm  application ./protected/yiic migrate --migrationPath=application.migrations.data.dev --interactive=0
```

### What will I do this week?
* Continue work on Yii migration scripts

### Are there any problems in the way?
* Pretty tedious work on the migration scripts

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Completed workflow for moving files from file wizard to public ftp server. Can now update gigadb database with new file metadata and file atttributes and file samples.
* Added acceptance scenarios for this workflow
* Provided pointers for Ken to learn object oriented programming
* Worked with Chris H on file formats

### What will I do this week?
* Need to update cloud deployment script involving terraform and ansible - install message queue and worker container services
* Deploy to Ali cloud because public ftp is Alicloud server
* Is there a corporate AWS account I can use?
* Do we have an Alicloud account?
* Need to address GigaDB maintenance with Jesse receiving sysadmin emails. Relates to CI/CD pipeline. Add to audit document.
* Need to look at Peter's work on database migration scripts

### Are there any problems in the way?
* Trial and error work on cloud deployment

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Finished issue 160
* Finished Yii 2.0 tutorial then moved onto learning the Yii 1.1 tutorial

### What will I do this week?
* Continue with Yii 1.1 tutorial to build a blog application.
* Fix issue 146 - contact address
* Need to look at image display problem in GigaDB local dev

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## AOB

* Rija suggests using [Omnigraffle](https://www.omnigroup.com/omnigraffle/) for drawing diagrams. Good for UML. Need to pay for a licence to use it.
* Meeting with Chris on Wed 3 June 4 pm HK time

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
