---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-08-10
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Fixed issue [#289](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/289) 
  CSS problem with admin pages in staging server
* Fixing issue [#293](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/293)
  * Work on fixing email notification almost done. Involved installing and 
    configuring msmtp - a SMTP client into Production Dockerfile to be run by 
    application container. Uses gigasciencejournal email account where 
    username and password stored as a Gitlab secret variable.
  * In staging server, msmtp is installed by Production-Dockerfile and runs 
    on production_app container. The Production-Dockerfile created the config 
    file for mstmp using echo statements which are piped to tee command to be 
    written into the mstmp config file.
  * Need to tidy up code and documentation and create PR. Rija should review it.

### What will I do this week?
* Continue bug fixes to WL subwiz. Next one is https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/388


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Continued end to end testing of file upload wizard, focusing on reviewer 
  mock up and bulk metadata upload. Upload works fine. Need to add more 
  documentation of format of spreadsheet.
  * Fixed URL for home variable by having 2 URL variables: homepage and home url
  * Fixed issues with email due to code: some variable not being interpolated, 
    emails not sending, issue due to gap in test scenario - feature wasn't 
    implemented.
  * Helped Ken with pagination issue

### What will I do this week?

* Continue end to end testing
* Look at Peter's [pull request](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/469) relating to database setup


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Working on issue [#437](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/437) 
- add go to page function for large datasets
  * Implemented code from Rija
  * Need to validate input number
  * Get maximum number of page - need to get it from PHP code and pass it to JS 
  function

### What will I do this week?
* Continue work on pagination
* Start work on [#276](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/276)


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected


## AOB

* Rija move to HK
* BGI tests for staff - repeat every 2 weeks

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
