---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-07-27
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Investigated [production file server issue](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/465)
    * Disk mount configuration - obtained a copy of fstab file
    * Django application - emailed Jesse to ask CNGB where it is installed to 
    get a copy of its source code
    * VSFTPD FTP server configuration - got a copy of its config file.
* PostgreSQL databaset setup using CSV files
    * Terraform 0.11 is required
    * Fixed ansible step to provision staging server - replaced broken link for installing postgresql RDBMS
    * Wrote [pull request](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/469) for CSV to yii migration script

### What will I do this week?
* Plan and start work to continue WL submission wizard integration:
    * Update database schema
    * Get tests working
    * Work on Chris H's bugs
    * Update layout of WL's sub wiz to current GigaDB website - see [issue](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/289)
    * Work estimated to take 1 month


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Fixed issue re: accessing API from docker container - works on staging server. 
* Fixed issue re: JS file upload
* Reviewed 2 PRs: table setting changes and admin site access control
* Looked at config issue with upload server

### What will I do this week?

* Continue working on config issue with upload server
* Rebase from develop


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Attended BCC conference and workshop - interesting tools: CI travis, 
integrated this in personal static website 
* Finished PR for table columns and admin site access control
* Submitted [PR]((https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/470)) for issue [349](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/349)

### What will I do this week?
* Look at GigaDB code


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected


## AOB

* Nonce

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
