---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-11-30
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* CNGB work
    * Apparently CNGB network was hacked last week. They have implemented a new
      security for logging into servers. Chris H currently trying to figure out
      how to connect to them.
* WL submission wizard
    * Finished fixing acceptance and unit tests - all are passing now.

### What will I do this week?
* WL submission wizard
    * Deploy submission wizard on staging server for curators to test
    * Learn to rebase work onto develop branch before creating PR
    * Rebase with develop branch
    * Fix bugs
* Look at Ken's work
* Look at [PR 532](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/532) on
  using CSV files for behat test data.

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Fixing UX issues on file upload wizard
* Added new element to patten library, and article element from html5 and 
  styling
* Commented on peter's [PR](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/532) 
  on csv files with tests

### What will I do this week?
* Adding documentation
* Should have file upload wizard on AWS by end of week
* Look at Ken's PRs


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* DOI project
    * Worked on Excel file from curators, included cleanup steps, e.g. remove 
      whitespaces and special characters since Exel file has entries duplicated
    * Included rows parameter into API calls to reduce number of entries 
      returned
* Issues - need take a look at curation log problem
* PR 516 - problem declaring doi variable

### What will I do this week?
* DOI project
    * Continue improving application - fix minor errors and test Datacite API

Issues
* Fix behat test for curation log scenario
* Work on PR 521 - resolve Endnote format 

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None


## AOB

* Rija's visa
* Wasabi discussion
    * File upload is massive problem as it is so slow
    * Wasabi price is not too much a problem but need to address other 
      data-related factors which are as important


<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
