---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-07-20
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Updated [file server setup issue](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/465)
, CNGB manually installed FTP server manually on virtual server. FTP user 
account management is done via a Django application. No details on mounting of 
NAS storage disks. PL will log into server to investigate these issues.
* Fixed broken NewsLetterTest due to mailchimp-api problem.  [PR](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/466) created and merged.
* Database deployment using Yii migration scripts:
    * Removed hard coded variable values, e.g. output directory from 
    export_csv.sh  - variables are parameterised with cmd line arguments now
    * Wrote documentation on how to use migration scripts
    * Created migration scripts provide prod-like data: took latest 3 datasets 
    from each dataset type
    * Checked all tests were passing on develop branch
    * Ensure Yii migration is working and passing all tests on local deployment
        * This involved updating db dump files used to provide data for tests. 
        Dump files recreated with schema from Yii migration scripts since 
        `pg_restore` process breaks with current db pgdmp files. This was done 
        for `production_like.pgdmp` and `gigadb_testdata.pgdmp`.
        * Noticed the state of the database prior to running [unit and func tests](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/blob/develop/tests/unit_functional) 
        is not restored after tests have completed. Had to use `before-run.pgdmp` that is created before behat tests are executed after unit tests have finished executing.

### What will I do this week?
* Get build with Yii migration scripts working on Gitlab CI/CD pipeline and 
staging server deployment working with new `production-like.pgdmp`.
* Write PR for Yii migration DB deployment work.

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Work on issues to do with inter-container communication relating to how 
backend API instructs Docker API to create FTP accounts.
* Reviewed NewsLetterTest [PR](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/466).

### What will I do this week?

* Look at issue [462](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/462) file table work.
* Look at [admin site functional test](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/463)
* Continue testing file upload wizard workflow on AWS deployment


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Learning BDD and behat, read all content in Behat offical documents
* Applied BDD and Behat learning on [PR#464](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/464)

### What will I do this week?
* Keep working on behat test and BDD learning


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected


## AOB

* Return to using Zoom for SCRUM meetings

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
