---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-06-08
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Checked and merged Ken's pull requests.
* Worked on downloading a dataset from S3 for Chris A. Had to write a 
[bash script](https://github.com/pli888/curator-tools/tree/develop) using curl 
to download 600 odd files totalling 550 GB in size. 


### What will I do this week?
* Re-start work on Yii migration scripts

### Are there any problems in the way?
* Work on Chris A's dataset download will continue this week.

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Two bugs fixed:
  * Adding sample information to upload metadata functionality
  * There is latency after user uploads files before they can see metadata on 
  page. Wait can be up to 60 secs without user knowing - fixed this. User can 
  upload files in two ways - upload wizard and ftp - need to detect files 
  uploaded to server. System now detects files from both ways. File system 
  detection is slow and fragile. Now have a hook to file upload server that will 
  trigger file upload database with metadata. Acceptance test is now twice as 
  fast running for file upload wizard
* Help Ken with Yii-1.1 issue

### What will I do this week?
* Integrating file upload wizard with Ansible and CI/CD pipeline.

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Finished Github issues 433 436 421
* Finished buliding yii 1.1 blog but small bugs
* Found good [resource](http://www.w3programmers.com/category/php-object-oriented-programming ) about OOP

### What will I do this week?
* Two issues 441, 291 to fix
* Continue OOP, Docker and PostgreSQL learning
* Fix Yii blog application bug

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## AOB

* Next week's scrum meeting will be straight after GigaByte Tool Discussion.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
