---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-10-12
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Worked [DOI minting project](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CopK9e9QclOd91WRN1LREEBefMDb5cWoHiElj3IfKLc)
    * Need to confirm workflow and ensure we can access all metadata required 
      for minting DOIs and uploading data into Publons
* Look into organising CSS for current GigaDB layout in common.css file - issue 
  [#498](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/498)
    * Removed common.css and datatables.css, and used smacss and boostrap css 
      guidelines for creating new less files containing css rules
    * Implemented less pipeline for green layout so less files are compiled into 
      current.css
    * Started creating pattern library in single web page using 
      https://github.com/bjankord/Style-Guide-Boilerplate for auto-generating 
      pattern library

### What will I do this week?
* DOI minting project - look into next steps
    * Take a look at mint button code that is used on dataset page
* Continue work on pattern library work

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Half way through re-basing FUW work with CSV-based PostgreSQL migration code
* Looked at Ken's work:
    * Delete file attribute PR [#503](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/503) - using static function is fine
    * Link previews issue [#428](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/428)
      was poorly specified - created new ticket [#513](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/513) re: metadata tags
* Looked at CSS work - issue [#498](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/498)
* Did some work software engineering criteria document

### What will I do this week?
* Continue rebase work
* Refine scenario and stories for link preview

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Created [PR](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/511) for 
  changing @wip to @ok tag in behat test
* Worked on PR 457 add delete file attribute button
    * Added call to static function in CurationLog model class and wrote unit 
      test
* Created behat test for PR [#507](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/507)
* Studied link preview issue [#428](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/428)

### What will I do this week?
* Continue work on PR 457 add delete file attribute button
* Continue work on link preview issue


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None


## AOB

* Rija's employment visa application

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
