---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-10-19
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Looked into next steps for [DOI minting project](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CopK9e9QclOd91WRN1LREEBefMDb5cWoHiElj3IfKLc)
    * Chris H pulled out paper title from EM to search for paper DOI with CrossRef metadata search using their public API
    * Time for Ken to start prototyping - steps outlined in google doc
* Worked on organising CSS for current GigaDB layout:
    * Continued work on pattern library. Most layout components from website now
      in pattern library

### What will I do this week?
* Continue work on pattern library
    * Write an automated functional test to check for CSS/JS errors
    * Get it working on staging server

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Finished rebasing my branch with PostgreSQL CSV migration code
* Fixed FUW branch according to migration code
    * PostgreSQL 9.6 is oldest version that is still maintained - need to check
      if we need to update pgdmp files to this version 9.6
    * Added more detail to link preview issue [428](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/428)
      and added acceptance tests
    * Started adding details to sub-tasks for link preview issue

### What will I do this week?
* Continue fixing code in FUW branch to use database migration code
* Look at issues for Ken
* Continue adding more details to issue 428


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Created curation log function for PR 457
* Looked into writing unit test to check curation log entry creation
* Look at factory pattern
* Created draft PR 516 for issue 85 to add hypothesis metatag

### What will I do this week?
* Factor out common code in curation log model class
* Finish writing unit test for curation log
* Write code for creating dataset_log entries
* Read API documentation for DOI minting project

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None


## AOB

* Rija's employment visa application
* Peter not in office much this week

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
