---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-07-13
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Helped Ken with File table column display - Github issue [462](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/462) and pull request [464](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/464)
* Created [issue](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/465) for 
FTP file server setup on CNGB virtual server  - need to look into next steps.
* Worked on Yii migration scripts
    * Finish writing bash script to execute SQL SELECT commands to export table 
    data as CSV files
    * Whole workflow completed now:
        * bash script to export CSV data from all postgresql DB tables
        * JS program to convert CSV file into Yii migration scripts
        * Two docker-compose commands to run Yii migrations to create tables and 
        to insert data in tables
        * Local GigaDB website is working with new database setup
        * Anonymized real user email addresses by replacing with 
        test@gigasciencejournal.com

### What will I do this week?
* Write documentation for using CSV files and Yii migration scripts
* Get workflow passing all tests on local deployment
* Think about how many datasets to include for production-like datasets
* Get functionality working for CI/CD pipeline
* Write pull request for CSV to yii migration script workflow

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Testing my branch on staging on AWS - lots of issues, mostly configuration 
  issues. Make sure deployment is agnostic to cloud provider. Also failure web 
  app need to file upload wizard in secure so secure authentication going on - 
  need to create a new console command to create identify in file upload wizard 
  so workflow works with non-default admin user.
* Fixed issues with nginx configuration and recaptcha problems.
* Fix logging in with php web apps. 
* Debugged module problem finding its way on cloud deployment
* Had issue with sending emails - Yii2 app wil write emails to a log; need to 
  configure for cloud
* Worked on pull request description and documentation for cloud operation

### What will I do this week?
* Continue looking at inter container communication issues, finish pull request


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on polishing admin site functional test
* Worked on pull request 462 changing file table column names

### What will I do this week?
* Focus on learning behat tests  


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected


## AOB

* Look into using Group FaceTime for meetings

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
