---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-05-18
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Set up [website](https://gigascience.github.io/techteam/index.html) to host meeting minutes using Github pages with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), a static web site generator. Summaries from last 2 meetings are on there now.
* Meeting with Laurie on Thu 14th May
  * Discussed problem with front-end code and the grey look conflicting with the rest of website which has the latest green look
  * Also discussed plan to re-implement front end with a front end framework being used in the file upload wizard
* Helped Ken set up Gitlab CI/CD pipeline with mirror of his gigadb-website forked repo, teach him how to install dev GigaDB, make commits and create pull requests
* Continued working on porting WL commits - about 40 commits left, half of which are to do with their python based test framework so these can be ignored.

### What will I do this week?
* Look at Ken's pull requests and merge them.
* Continue working on porting WL commits. Currently looking at a WL commit that makes changes to the postgresql database schema that is used for unit tests.
* Continue working with Ken - he's started learning PHP and Yii. Also continue working on his github issues.

### Are there any problems in the way?
* One of the WL commits involve changes to test_bootstrap.sql which together with gigadb_unit_tests.sql appears to be involved with providing the database schema and data that unit tests are run against.
* Q. Would it be good to use migration scripts to set up the test database? Rija says yes - create table commands and insert commands in migration scripts need to be separated into 2 migration scripts for each table.

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Continued development of the workflow to move files from cloud host to GigaDB public ftp server after picking up a request from message queue. Needed to find a way to listen to a process in the queue. A permanent process runs in a container to listen to queue which uses SystemD. There is a new container instantiated by docker-compose file to monitor message queue.
* Development of a worker script to move files is finished. Software tests have also been developed for this.
* File system abstraction system developed so any backend can be used.
* Created mock queue functions to create test harnesses.

### What will I do this week?
* Need a service to update metadata in postgresql in GigaDB for files in database. Worker class will be developed to update this metadata.
* Focusing on user interaction issues, e.g. to let users know when a specific process is complete.

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on github issues:
  * https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/374
  * https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/198
  * Made pull requests to merge code to develop branch.
* Learning PHP in codecademy - variables strings.
* See https://kencho51.github.io for regular updates on work

### What will I do this week?
* Finish learning PHP then will move to Yii demo blog tutorial.

### Are there any problems in the way?
* Waiting for Rija and Peter to look at Github issues.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
