---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2020-12-21
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Looked at Ken's PRs and GigaZoom
* Was on leave from Wed onwards 
* CTS - First week in Jan, I will be working on CTS :( CTS discussion - tried to get out of doing this but I will need 1-2 weeks to work on this when I return to full time work in Jan.

### What will I do this week?
* Read up on Rija's PR for FUW
* Planning for 2021
* Mostly reading if I have time
    * Read book: "web style guide" by harvard press - westyleguide.com 
    * Yii books


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Posted rebasing notes [here](https://gist.github.com/rija/f2665f78a64abde6cc6c72b4435d7aa1)
* Created [PR for FUW](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/546)
* Fixed bugs in FUW: FTP, reference data for file types
* Added new gitlab pipeline actions - for displaying logs from container
* Fixed bug whenever creator changes upload status, FUW goes to error page and 
  will not redirect to dataset admin page

### What will I do this week?
* Fix FTP watcher container problem
* Fix Dataset page and profile pages - responsiveness is broken when shrinking
  window. 


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Was on holiday Wed to Fri
* Worked on issue 513 - add opg graph add metadata to have link preview

### What will I do this week?
* Continue DOI project
* Continue issue 513 work to pass behat test, metadata tag and then will create PR
* Continue work on issue 83 - clicking on button will return citation but it 
  will have HTML tags - need to use function from PHP or Yii to remove HTML 
  entities

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## AOB

* Ken on leave from 28 Dec to 31 Jan
* Rija on leave from 25th Dec to 8th Jan
* Next tech scrum meeting on Mon 11 Jan

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
