---
layout: default
title:  "Meeting with Laurie"
date:   2020-05-14
categories: meetings
---
# Summary of meeting with Laurie on {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

### Problems with front-end code
* Old grey look is being used for GigaDB admin pages as well as for the WL submission wizard but the latest green look is being used by the rest of the GigaDB website. This inconsistency will confuse users.
* The green HTML interface developed by BGI Wuhan appears to have been integrated into the GigaDB web application as a hack. The developers will continue to use this hack to display the WL submission wizard with the latest green HTML look.
* Work will then likely start on implementing a new front end framework into GigaDB website which has been piloted by Rija in the file upload wizard.
    
### Static pages in GigaDB
* There are currently two methods that the static HTML web pages are being generated in gigadb-website:
1. A `ops/configuration/yii-conf/help.html.dist` file is converted into `files/html/help.html` file by `generate-config.sh`.
2. By a `protected/views/site/help.php` file
* We need to decide on a single method of creating static web pages - create Github [issue](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/418) to discuss how to do this. For the time being, any changes to static pages should be implemented in both `ops/configuration/yii-conf/help.html.dist` file and `protected/views/site/help.php` files, for example, for Github issue [#374](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/374)
    
### Future work
* Create roadmap based on audit document for future development work.
* Possible future hire to do front-end development work, e.g. UI designer.
    
### Work expenses
* Go ahead with purchasing PHPStorm licences, books and PluralSight as required.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team SCRUM meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
