---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-05-10
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?

#### Dev
* Merge [PR614](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/614) 
  fix intermittent failure of DatasetViewTest.php functional test

#### TPM recruitment
* [Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ZocCMmEPyMl_JJmOkdyqq8jMyQZMJ3JP) 
  with TPM applications
* Reviewed applications
* Created [Doodle poll](https://doodle.com/poll/zhqbest6umgr6bby?utm_source=poll&utm_medium=link) 
  for people's availability
    * Rija and Ken need to fill in doodle poll. Also Laurie too.
* Look into interview structure:
  * One interview or 2 rounds?
  * First interview with tech team and Laurie
  * Second interview with curators and editors

#### BGI Tai Po servers
* BGI IT team want to deprecate our servers in BGI Tai Po server room:
  * 192.168.208.43
  * 192.168.208.73
  * 192.168.208.74
  * 192.168.208.44
* We own all the servers except for 192.168.208.44, IBM 3630
* Informed CIH that we intend to give back 92.168.208.43, 192.168.208.74, 
  192.168.208.44 but not the GigaDB production website server 192.168.208.73
* Will reply to BGI IT about the servers - make sure they do NOT deprecate the 
  192.168.208.73 production server!
* Ken to inform Michael, CNGB and ITSM of new backup plans - installing NAS 
  server in BGI Tai Po server room or Shek Mun office to mirror new data 
  arriving into GigaDB

#### GigaDB backups
* Completed back up of "all datasets now
* Get scripts into github repo - will create a new backup directory and place scripts there
* Question when backups are performed - when new datasets are published
* CTS application not to be restarted yet
* Looked into purchasing [NAS drives](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CNNo5YmI3POHtppB9lI4sSwP9dhPhc4Oi-hTGsNpSzo)
  * Want to buy Asustor 8-bay device
  * Now BGI want us to buy Synology due to central management app in synology 
    app store- go for 6 bay device?
  * Check docker is installable on selected Synology NAS
  * Look into buying UPS backup power for NAS device

### What will I do this week?
* Continue working with Ken on executing NAS backup plans
* Continue organising TPM interviews
* Look at Ken's Github issues
* Look at Ken [mint DOI project summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HY7hvnhn0-dgpJadVNkh9QlLEWB7i9fFZwjkOXodA-g/edit#heading=h.8wokmw4p4t7z)
* Start reviewing Rija's FUW branch


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?

#### SCRUM (https://github.com/orgs/gigascience/projects/1?fullscreen=true):
* Planning Poker
* Story Writing workshop
* Created more stories for CMS epic
* Created more stories for FTP download bug in Chrome
* Discussions on TPM recruitment

#### Backup plan:
* Review list of NAS (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CNNo5YmI3POHtppB9lI4sSwP9dhPhc4Oi-hTGsNpSzo/edit?usp=sharing)
  
#### Other Tech:
* Fix missing apt dependency in Dockerfile for gnupg on fuw-cicd branch after rebase
* Submit PR for DatasetViewTest failure

#### Code reviews:
* Citation visibility - functionality works well on chrome - not on safari 13.1.2

### What will I do this week?

#### SCRUM (https://github.com/orgs/gigascience/projects/1?fullscreen=true):
* Planning Poker - on Wed 12 May
* Story Writing workshop - create stories about instrumenting and fuw
* Create Story for NAS setup prototype
* Refine story about instrumenting and monitoring File Upload Wizard for cloud 
  storage selection
* Create a view and alert for bugs - get alert for new github issue bugs
  
#### Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
* Working on screencast for first topic (setup, shell scripts and project 
  structure)
  
#### Other Tech:
* Rebase fuw-cicd branch
  
#### Code reviews:
* Citation visibility
  
#### To discuss with IT team:
* Technical solutions to fixing FTP download links not working on Chrome - 
  discuss at Rija's VOH Tue 11 May
* Time management during a sprint

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Read up on Terraform and Ansible - looked at videos about Terraform 
* Look at Rija's FUW review - created a [review document](https://gist.github.com/kencho51/6b5cebd15c9419484e73b2439a34f0d1)
  * Copied over current `.env` file which is causing the errors - the `.env` file 
    has new variables now in FUW

### What will I do this week?
* Look at citation comments in Github issue
* Follow up with servers in BGI server toom and NAS issue
* Continue FUW review work
* Follow up add citation Github issue
* There is a mint action in GigaDB code - can be solution for mint DOI publon 
  review link

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
