---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-05-10
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?

#### Admin

* Add comments to [CNGB co-operation agreement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lW1q4Il1Res4p9k5LoiTKMtEWPSSiCLI)
* TPM recruitment
  * Interview invitations sent Wed 12 May
  * Rahul wants video call starting at 12.30 pm on Tue 25 May
  * Gorden has new job so won't interview with us
  * Herve has asked for a later start time for the interview 2.30 pm HK time
  * Will chase up Sandeep today or tomorrow

#### GigaDB backups

* Ken discussing backup transition plan with BGI
* Doesn't look like installing a NAS server in BGI Tai Po / Shek Mun will be 
  allowed by BGI
* Ken waiting to learn who to contact at BGI data regulation centre to determine 
  if GigaDB data in CNGB servers can be moved outside China

#### BGI Tai Po servers

* Asked Ken to reply to BGI IT to deprecate 3 servers but keep 192.168.208.73 to
  host GigaDB website

#### Ken's work

* Reviewed Ken's [project summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HY7hvnhn0-dgpJadVNkh9QlLEWB7i9fFZwjkOXodA-g)
  on Mint DOI project
  * Tighten up prototype before discussing with Marcia at Publons
  * Provided Balsamiq licence key
  * Doing command-line testing of DataCite sandbox API for minting DOIs
    

### What will I do this week?
* Continue working with Ken on executing NAS backup plans
* Continue organising TPM interviews
* Look at Ken [mint DOI project summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HY7hvnhn0-dgpJadVNkh9QlLEWB7i9fFZwjkOXodA-g/edit#heading=h.8wokmw4p4t7z)
* Start work on [Sprint 0](https://github.com/orgs/gigascience/projects/2)


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?

#### SCRUM (https://github.com/orgs/gigascience/projects/1?fullscreen=true):
* Planning Poker workshipe
* Story Writing workshop
* Created Story for NAS setup prototype as Spike
* Created Story for Daily Scrum tool as Spike
* Created Story for operational alerts
* Refined story about instrumenting and monitoring File Upload Wizard for cloud 
  storage selection
* Created a view and alert for bugs (assign bugs to IT Team by default)
* Created and share list of questions to TPM - provide link in minutes

#### Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
* Working on screencast for first topic (setup, shell scripts and project 
  structure)
  
#### Other Tech:
* Fix rebasing outcome fuw-cicd branch

#### To discuss with IT team:
* Technical solutions to fixing FTP download links not working on Chrome
* NAS plan progress

### What will I do this week?

#### SCRUM (https://github.com/orgs/gigascience/projects/1?fullscreen=true):
* Story Writing workshop
* TPM interviews
* Update All Giga Zoom agenda with progress, plans and suggestions
* Grooming of Story in product backlog

#### Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
* Working on screencast for first topic (setup, shell scripts and project
  structure)

#### Sprint tasks
* See Sprint backlog board

#### To discuss with IT team:
* Technical solutions to fixing FTP download links not working on Chrome
* NAS plan progress

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Discussing with BGI people with NAS plan. Had 1 hour meeting on Friday. They 
  want to know the legal complications about placing BGI data outside China. 
  Once approved, they will consider the NAS plan. They will provide the legal 
  contact person who we can make our case to.
* Dev work
  * Used Bootstrap drop down menu for displaying citation box. Problem is drop 
    down list is hidden in the background - need to bring it to the front.
* Spent time on FUW - still trying to get it running locally
* Finished Terraform learning
* Updated some questions for TPM recruitment

### What will I do this week?
* Study Ansible
* See Sprint backlog board

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
