---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-02-08
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Work on [pull request](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/548) 
  re: CSV files for database migrations
    * Wrote up changes on PR for Rija to review
* Core Trust Seal work
    * Technical information re: backups is wrong due to their use of Tencent. 
      We're not sure what CNGB are doing so suggested that CTS submission is 
      postponed for time being.
* ORCID integration
    * Scott wants us to get access to the production ORCID server. To do this we 
      need to demonstrate some interaction with the sandbox ORCID. Could 
      re-enable ORCID affiliate log in into GigaDB and then can fetch that 
      user's email address using ORCID API and store it in the Postgresql 
      database and display it on user profile page.
    * Checked if there is ORCID GigaDB code to retrieve email address and add it 
      to GigaDB user when logging into GigaDB using ORCID credentials
    * Wrote summary of [findings](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/553)
* Read up on Rija's [PR](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/546) 
  for File Upload Wizard
    * I need to check running of tests on a separate branch containing latest 
      develop code with FUW code
    * Need to think about how to merge the FUW code into `develop` branch
* Looked at Rija's [gant chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nd316oLz90VxOxg73h6iukN_EtUI52iciTBC9AWORP4/edit?ts=6017b2aa#gid=1294880853)
* WL sub wiz
    * Fixing bugs identified by Chris H

### What will I do this week?
* Add comments and thoughts into gantt chart for GigaDB infrastructure
* Merge [PR](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/548) on CSV 
  files for test data into `develop` branch
* Continue looking at FUW code - check tests are running ok for me
* Continue with submission wizard work


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on [planning](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nd316oLz90VxOxg73h6iukN_EtUI52iciTBC9AWORP4/edit?ts=6017b2aa#gid=1294880853) 
  for GigaDB infrastructure
* Reviewed [PR 547](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/557)
* Reviewed [PR 503](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/503) 
* Reviewed [PR 548](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/548)

### What will I do this week?
* Record video on how to use FUW
* Look at [PR 521](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/521) for Ken
* Think about how to organise sprints for GigaDB infrastructure work

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* DOI minting tool project 
    * Looked Nicole's video
    * Sent email to Publons re: API operation request
    * Created a Dockerised Taverna but there are problems: can start Taverna 
      application but it just displays black screen and might suddenly shut down
    * Use Axure or Omnigraffle to create a mock user interface for end users
* Worked on issue 551 and 428

### What will I do this week?
* Fix problems with Dockerised Taverna
* Use Taverna to create DOI from crossref
* Work on issue 428 and 547

### Are there any problems in the way?
* GigaZoom tomorrow 2 pm HK time
* No meeting on Mon 15 Feb because CNY HK public holiday
* Zoom meeting with Laurie

## AOB

* Meeting with Chris H this week on GigaDB infrastructure

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
