---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-01-25
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on using CSV files to provide data for tests
  * https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/548
  * Added step to create pgdmp files before running tests in gitlab-ci.yml
  * Still having problems with 504 Gateway Timeout errors when running tests - 
    https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/537
  * Rija has suggested using circuit breaker pattern to check if external 
    services are up and provide backup functionality if they are down. If its 
    more complicated than implementing a try catch code then requires more 
    supervision on what to implement.
  * If external service is down then return empty string and add log message
* Core Seal Trust
    * Wrote new preservation policy - 
      https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j0sbrcP3vEn-7uEHCI5EihfWDm7K1IBwlsCVzeQNWOw/

### What will I do this week?
* Core Seal Trust
  * Finish preservation policy
  * Edit continuation plan
  * Work on whole submission
* Work on using CSV files for database migrations https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/548
  * Look into 504 Gateway Timeout error when running behat tests
* Look at ORCID integration in GigaDb to get access to ORCID's production server
* Look at Rija's FUW pull request


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Mostly planning work on how to perform live deployment. There is a beginning 
  of a plan at https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/519. There
  are 5 stages to prepare for continuous delivery, spawn a live deployment and 
  to consider a storage provider. Need to assess storage provider on our 
  workflows.
* FUW not ready to go live with submission wizard
* Idea is to setup pipeline and deploy whatever is in develop branch and test 
  FUW on storage providers. Record metrics to decide which provider to use.
* Changed documentation on summary of plan by Chris -
  https://gist.github.com/rija/c7377bdf5d43a0dda9a58c0368ff3569

### What will I do this week?
* Create Gant chart on how things tie together - Gant chart ties in to some 
  questions asked by Chris H
* Budget use

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* DOI minting tool project
    * Had meeting with Nicole. Obtained more details on the copying and pasting 
      of text she has to do for last column of spreadsheet. Asked Nicole for 
      video recording of what she does
    * Nicole introduced Ken to Marcia at Publons
    * Return paper DOI from paper title - https://github.com/kencho51/mint_doi
    * Prototyping can accept EM title and outout paper title. In repo there is 
      example output explanation. Output csv file with specific columns.
    * Rija suggested using json server to mimic fake publons api call to obtain
      review links
* Github issues
  * Changed regex match and parameter names issue 547
  * Add citation button - work nearly done
    * Browser goes to new page and then assert text and test passes- needs final 
      review
  * Issue 513 - Chris H said volume size displayed on gigadb.org - hardcoded 31 TB

### What will I do this week?
* Continue work on DOI minting tool project
* Look at design patterns for issue 428

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## AOB

* None

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
