---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-03-01
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* TPM recruitment - sent draft of [job description](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s0j0ZVY6NPz--2Y3xReVzR-F-OP97izJ1MYNP465XWE) 
  to curators and editors for comments
* Created table listing asynchronous chat tools in [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JZo2m19twEZgZFJqAo1zIenU-twKCxD95sanUdluIaw)
* Participated in [calibrating complexity meeting](https://gigascience.github.io/techteam/meetings/2021/02/25/minutes.html)
* Fix [504 gateway timeout error](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/554)
    * Looked into unit test - can create a Guzzle client that will produce a 
      mock 504 gateway timeout response which is caught by the 
      ServerException catch clause in getPublications(). This function will 
      then return a null value for citation so unit test needs to assert 
      citation is null.
    * Can't see how to create a queue for the client to return 504 errors 
      from http://gigadb.gigasciencejournal.com:9170/test_gateway_error
    * Guzzle documentation says that test web servers are not required for 
      simulating requests - can use mock handler to do this
    * Therefore, the nginx 504 location directive at http://gigadb.gigasciencejournal.com:9170/test_gateway_error
      is not needed any more in case a hacker stumbles upon it if it was 
      deployed on production.

### What will I do this week?
* Finish work on 504 gateway timeout error by implementing Rija's comments to
  create a unit test for `getPublications` function in `StoredDatasetConnection`
  class
* Work on merging Ken's PRs
* More planning work on GigaDB infrastructure plan
* Work on WL submission wizard

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Reviewed technical project manager job specification
* Led calibration complexity meeting on 25 Feb
* Worked on Scrum 101 document - added text do explain how we know when we are 
  done
* Worked on recording end to end workflow of file upload wizard. Found a couple 
  of issues: use of authenticated URLs to download files but doesn't work any 
  more on Safari and Chrome. This functionality is deprecated for downloading 
  authenticated URLs. Chrome will open FTP links in Finder to download FTP files.
  FTP URLs do work on Firefox browser.
* Added configuration for dev and cloud deployments - smoke tests help with this
* It's possible to run GitLab pipelines on dev machine in the same way as they 
  run on Cloud deployments. See https://github.com/mdubourg001/glci - will 
  explore this in future
* Looked Ken's PR - show link preview: need to retrieve external link from a 
  dataset. Need to fetch this data in question using guzzle.

### What will I do this week?
* Continue working on creating demo video for FUW
* Work on product backlog

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* PR 550 - added external link and type. Retrieved attributes from test database 
  and add client to function - problem is don't know what information is stored 
  in array
* DOI project - optimized Dockerfile by replacing Ubuntu image with jdk-8 alpine 
  image. Problem is python is required in startup script to expose system file 
  path.

### What will I do this week?
* Github issue - look at tools in packages for PR problem
* Finish unit test for preview link issue

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## AOB

* What is the next step of sprint planning - look at scrum 101 document - wait 
  for Rija to add project plan stories to the product backlog (raw, just the 
  story title). Then perform poker planning on infrastructure plan.


<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
