---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-03-08
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Watched video on [SOLID principles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtmFCcjEgEw)
* Add risk re: future use of CNGB will require aspera or raysync for GigaDB data downloads and uploads to GigaDB infrastructure work gant chart
* Re-read Rija's [SCRUM 101 document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vs0e56U-xIqK1nMoahayMwELCKTJ6rE56UmlSVGfFcM/edit). Next steps:
    * Pass on SCRUM 101 draft Google doc to GigaScience team on w/b Mon 1 March
    * Rija has updated [product backlog](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cXn4f879vfzsflcKXGPghqIM_DAvPQGb/edit#gid=2132330893)
* Fix [504 gateway timeout error](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/554)
    * Replaced logging in catch clause
    * Created unit test testStoredReturnsPublicationsWithGatewayTimeoutError()
    * Forgot to rebase with `develop` branch which meant tests were broken on
      CI/CD pipeline. Created a [PR]((https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/557)) 
      to fix this by updating `gigadb_testdata` CSV files with Puerto Rican 
      parrot data
* Update planning google spreadsheet for submission wizard work
* Re-read Rija's rebasing [notes](https://gist.github.com/rija/f2665f78a64abde6cc6c72b4435d7aa1)
* Rebased latest submission wizard feature branch with `develop` branch using 
  PHPStorm git resolve conflict functionality

## What will I do this week?
* Work on [TPM recruitment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s0j0ZVY6NPz--2Y3xReVzR-F-OP97izJ1MYNP465XWE)
* Help Ken rebase his PRs with `develop` branch with 504 error fix then merge PRs
* Continue work on submission wizard

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Defined user stories for project plan items, added them to product backlog and
  updated SCRUM 101 with definitions
* Reviewed Peter's PR for 504 HTTP error
* In the process of recording end-to-end file upload workfload, exposed and 
  fixed five issues:
  * Fixed unreliable logging of containers running systemd by removing the need 
    for systemd
  * The JPG file format that was in the original production_like.pgdmp was 
    missing in CSV files for prod_like test data
  * Removed example Yii2 code that caused the tests to fail when composer pull a 
    new update for the Yii2 framework libraries
  * Removed friction using database setup scripts by including sql wrapped in a 
    Yii command to fix out-of-sync sequences
  * Added static version of directories removal for filedrop accounts so house 
    keeping task work in abnormal situations

### What will I do this week?
  * Rebase upon HEAD of develop
  * Continue end-to-end workflow recording
  * Organise product backlog meeting with Chris, Scott and Laurie

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on Taverna workflow - can now use beanshell to remove duplicate title, 
  replace spaces and return clean title which can be passed to next web service
  step
* Optimised Dockerfile for Taverna. Remove line of python and hard coded 
  path but returned error
* Worked on fixing PR 550 - can create function to return array to get title 
  description from external URL. Tried making Guzzle to use web client to get 
  response and get body from response and metatag can be found in the response. 
  Tried using regular expressions to get metatag and passed this into returned 
  array.

### What will I do this week?
* Use built in Taverna web services to pass in title from Excel spreadsheet and 
  return DOI
* Finish improving Docker Taverna image file 
* Make unit test pass for mock response for PR 550 issue

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## AOB

* Decide on an async chat tool to use? Test use of 3 tools.


<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
