---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-04-19
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?

#### Planning
* Giga Zoom [meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KCKXvViIOQnST4BeOgZRY-vBoBqnvKVoNIcV1yAq5c4/edit?ts=606fdd2a) - Tue 13 Apr
* First SCRUM story writing workshop - Friday 16 Apr
  * This will be a recurring weekly event on Fridays

#### Ken's work
* DOI minting project
    * Fix beanshell to parse JSON output from Crossref API call
* Annual review


#### GigaDB backups
* Wrote [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IzM-FkFC5xTQQIsWHWiQmzPFELiWP6Ud1tNuOznc7qo/edit?ts=60756ee8#heading=h.g6xlputqtuim) describing backup plan
* How long does the back up process take? Feiyu said: When the bandwidth is full,
  about 18T can be backed up a day. Based on the current gigadb data volume, a 
  full backup takes 3-4 days, and subsequent incremental backups are subject to 
  the actual data volume, and the speed is about 190M/s. Can I only use Qizhi 
  web browser client to get command line access to server. This is the 
  information security regulations of Huada Group. You must use a bastion host 
  to log in to the backup server and gigadb server.
* Started testing Tencent backup procedure on CNGB server and writing up
  documentation as I go along
  * Google doc - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YkiEGdB7gd7wkRZQpFKWPZ2yIxvN4K4GSamd13JxOg0

### What will I do this week?
* All giga meeting tomorrow - update notes in [google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KCKXvViIOQnST4BeOgZRY-vBoBqnvKVoNIcV1yAq5c4/edit?usp=sharing_eip&ts=606fdd2a)
* Continue work on behat test for image upload in submission wizard
* Pair programming with Ken
* Planning for GigaDB backups

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Successful end-to-end test of FUW after rebasing
* Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
  * Added more topics to the list of things to review
  * Started screencast on first topics but blocked by a functional tests 
    failing intermittently
  * Started run of virtual office hours, mostly to test the video-call setup, no 
    attendees yet
* Transitioning files backup in-house:
    * Shared 3 stages approach
    * Review backup plan
    * Look for and read up some Tencent documentation (see link below)
* SCRUM:
    * Prepare and talk about product backlog at All Giga Zoom
    * Setup Product backlog in Github
    * Prepare and organise Story writing workshop

### What will I do this week?
* Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
    * Fix flaky functional test (DatasetViewTest.php)
    * Record screencasts
* SCRUM:
    * Tidy up product backlog and setup recurring story workshop
    * Ensure product backlog has good ergonomics for prioritisation

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Mint DOI project
  * Taverna DOI minting project: parsed crossref.json output from api
  * Next need to pass it into list of article and create http requests - then 
    create a loop to get DOI
* Github issues
  * Add citation box issue - there is a build error - one scenario fails - when 
    dataset id changes and test passes
  * Look into issue [422](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/422)
    - Dynamic help pages for controlled vocabulary - could make a new page

### What will I do this week?
* Work on issue 422
* Add delete button issue

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
