---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-01-18
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* Worked on Rija's comment on CSV files for tests [PR #548](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/548)
* Look at Ken's PRs
* Look into Core Seal Trust
    * Read up about CTS and its requirements
    * Review and comment on 4th submission
    * Created plan for new submission

### What will I do this week?
* Merge PR for CSV files for tests branch
  * Add pgdmp file creation step before running tests to CI/CD pipeline
* Look into Core Seal Trust
  * Write preservation policy to describe how dataset state is maintained from 
    author to GigaDB
  * Review Scott's continuation plan that will report on what happens if 
    GigaScience stops operation and then shared with research community
  * Go through whole submission
  * Forward submission to Rija and Ken for comments
* Look at Ken's PRs
* Look at ORCID integration in GigaDb to get access to ORCID's production server
* Look at Rija's FUW pull request


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.


## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Reviewed Peter's [PR #548](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/548
* Rebased FUW feature with latest code in develop branch
* Worked on GigaDB deployment problem and studied how it relates to storage 
  provider
  * Added information on Chris' document - https://gist.github.com/rija/c7377bdf5d43a0dda9a58c0368ff3569 on how to assess which storage 
    provider is the most suited

### What will I do this week?
* Make progress on deployment plan, and look at how to separate FUW in CI/CD 
  pipeline
  
### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Issue: add citation button
    * Use strip_html function to remove HTML markup then used Javascript 
      function to display cleaned citation information
* Issue 513 - allow other websites to make link previews - https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/521
    * Work is done now - tested multi-line description
* Issue 428 is quite complicated. Also DatasetPageAssembly class not present.
* DINT project
    * Arranged meeting with Nicole at 2 pm this Thursday to confirm requirements
    * Tried Datacite API to take DOI and return metadata of records. Tried 
      appending Gigascience DOI but operation returns 404 - https://api.test.datacite.org/dois/10.5524/100005

### What will I do this week?
* Meeting with Nicole on Thursday
* Study issue 428 - design patterns 
* Work on add citation button with the remove HTML entities problem

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## AOB

* None

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
