---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-03-29
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?
* TPM recruitment
  * Advert not on jobsdb.com yet, waiting for HR. Probably best to wait till 
      advert on cpjobs.com expires next month before jobsdb.com advert goes live
  * Received 7 applications from cpjobs.com so far
  * Scott says can advertise to Indians using bioclues@googlegroups.com

* Dev
  * Worked on WL submission wizard - dataset image upload functionality is
    working with thumbnail image creation now

  * After fixing bugs, will need clean up code later. There are functions in 
    classes that shouldn't be where they are based on MVC architecture.

* Helped Ken with:
  * DOI minting project
    * Looked at spreadsheet from Chris H containing text for content to append 
      column
    * Asked Chris to get response to no competing interests declaration into 
      [spreadsheet](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yEox-6Fsi7RHRjH11-dMD2yfGQQ8XAKf/view?usp=sharing)
  * [PR521](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/521) retrieve 
    citation detail in text in dataset page
    * Created [code](https://github.com/pli888/gigadb-website/tree/kencho51-Add-citation-button-%2383)
      to fix drop down menu box positioning

### What will I do this week?
* Work on behat tests now for dataset image upload in submission wizard
* Finish merging Ken's PRs
* Look into how to create GigaDB dataset file backups

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* File upload wizard
  * Fixed issues with File Upload Wizard
  * Recorded [video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kkMMApX0J8Fcyt8ftwCe2PKPrtu5rQ6N/view?usp=sharing) 
  of the end to end workflow when using file upload wizard
* SCRUM Planning
  * Chaired meeting on Monday on SCRUM working for GigaScience team
  * Planning next SCRUM meeting

### What will I do this week?
* Continue work on planning SCRUM events for GigaScience team
* Look into rebasing feature branch with develop branch
* Look issues about GigaDB dataset file backup situation
* Look into how to do review of FUW branch

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Mint DOI project
    * Updated [Azure prototype](https://5m1bfb.axshare.com)
    * Rija suggests start modelling classes involved in application
* Github issue
    * PR 550 - add additional information for link preview - need to wait for 
      FUW code to be merged into develop branch
    * PR 503 - add delete button for file attribute - implemented new way to get 
      attribute id. Also in admin file page, some files have no sample ids
    * PR 521 retrieve citation details from dataset page - the cite dataset 
      button with drop down menu has been added into pattern library

### What will I do this week?
* Continue work on mint doi project - look into creating Taverna workflow to 
  replicate Nicole's copy pasting procedure
* Look at new Github issues 429 and 422

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## AOB

### GigaDB dataset file backups
* CNGB said on 25 March that they will do one more backup for us soon
* We need to do a back up ourselves within the next 4 weeks as this is critical 
  to the business
* Peter will look into how to do backups this week using Tencent cloud with 
  CNGB's instructions as a near term plan
* Look into how files can be copied into Tencent cloud when files are uploaded
  by submitters so Tencent cloud becomes more of a mirror than a backup.
* In the medium term, we will switch to using the storage provider when selected
  as part of the GigaDB infrastructure work.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
