---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-04-12
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?

#### Sysadmin
* Created gigasciencejournal Gmail account for new junior editor Hongfang
* Looked into Gmail, G Suite package, check security configuration for Laurie
* Looked into migration to [Google Workspaces](https://themeisle.com/blog/google-workspace-vs-g-suite/)
* [Google chat](https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9300511?hl=en) for 1:1 and group messaging in chat rooms for our daily scrum meetings during sprints
* Google chat will be available under a Workspaces subscription

#### Planning
* Using SCRUM in GigaScience
  * Read emails from Laurie and Rija
  * Looked into [SCRUM course](https://training.scrum.hk/?gclid=Cj0KCQiAv6yCBhCLARIsABqJTjYnRQghg40vUEu3NSVaEQOHC8N8BAkIagxJrJa9uNgBdNp1d16OF2IaAnj3EALw_wcB) with Ken

#### Admin
* [TPM recruitment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s0j0ZVY6NPz--2Y3xReVzR-F-OP97izJ1MYNP465XWE)
  * [Advert](https://www.cpjobs.com/hk/job/technical-project-manager-3667055) posted on https://www.cpjobs.com/hk/ on 15/03/2021
  * 13 applications so far from cpjobs
  * 3 job applications from FB
  * 1 application from Herve
  * Looking into advertising position to HK Agile meetup group - asked admin 
  FB group for permission to advertise position


#### Ken's work
* [PR#503](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/503 ) Add delete 
  feature in adminFile page
  * Instead of displaying `File Attribute ID = Not Set` better to display empty string?
  * Or if there are no file attributes then don't display anything? Could create 
    a File array object and then push any file attributes into it if there are any?
  * Need to tidy up Behat test code.
  * Tidy up variable names
* [PR#521](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/521) Retrieve citation detail in text in dataset page
  * Check tests are passing - Scenario: new dataset with mandatory fields 
    filled in breaks Rija's dataset submission wizard
* Try pair programming with Ken to get github issues fixed?

#### Dev
* Merged [PR](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/563) to fix 
  error re: setup_devdb.sh cannot find module 'fs-path' error
* Fixing [dataset image functionality](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/issues/534) in submission wizard
  * Still working on Behat test - can't get file upload test to work
  * Might be to do with the HTML code in the submission wizard not being well-formed
    - fixed this but not this issue that is causing problem
  * Checking syntax for the HTML code for upload file selector and if it is 
    compatible with behat test step `And I attach the file "theFile" to "Images"`

### What will I do this week?
* All giga meeting tomorrow - update notes in [google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KCKXvViIOQnST4BeOgZRY-vBoBqnvKVoNIcV1yAq5c4/edit?usp=sharing_eip&ts=606fdd2a)
* Continue work on behat test for image upload in submission wizard
* Pair programming with Ken
* Planning for GigaDB backups

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Rebased develop branch with fuw branch
    * Fixed divergence relating to minor difference with creating test data with 
      scripts
* Scrum implementation planning
* Planning for transition of CNGB to GigaDB backup operations
* Started [plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ns_OkaRn6mXtcDW37JbrSGZzILzFRGPZJQ2oPe2EuSw/edit?usp=sharing) on how to review fuw branch

### What will I do this week?
* Recording screen casts of the changes in FUW branch
* Working on SCRUM planning - story writing workshop will be on April 16th

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Mint DOI project
  * Used Taverna to parse EM spreadsheet from Chris to get all information to 
    put into a content to append column.
  * Get DOI for publons review link
  * Used Javascript to make API call to CrossRef to get DOI of that article
  * Later on will focus on getting DOI for Publons review link
  * Updated Azure prototype
* Github issues
    * PR503  - add delete file attribute - changed file attribute id to display 
      the value
    * Studied issue 529 - add file attribute column in file admin page
    * Studied issue 422 - in GigaDB help page there is a tab about controlled 
      vocabulary which is hard coded - Chris wants a more dynamc way to display 
      controlled vocabulary - so he wants a multiple tab for this different type 
      of file or datatype
    * Rija suggests priortising the work we need to do using the product backlog
    * Could also work on Github issues that involve fixing bugs

### What will I do this week?
* Taverna project - get article doi
* Create a publions review link column and get the DOI for it
* Look for simple github issues

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

## AOB

### GigaDB dataset file backups
* Feiyu Zhou already started making backup on 25th March
* Created a translation of the instructions for using Tencent cloud to perform 
  backup
* Current plan to transition backup from CNGB to us involves:
  * Replicating Tencent backup of GigaDB dataset files
  * Develop recovery procedure from Tencent backup
  * Back up dataset files onto a NAS system
* Actions:
  * Start testing Tencent backup servicethis week using rclone or some other tool
  * Document above procedure
  * Write a document describing our backup plans for use in discussions with 
    CNGB and BGI-HK IT team

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
