---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-05-03
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?

####Ken's work
* Helped Ken with displaying multiple file attributes on separate rows for 
  [add delete file attribute feature](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/503)

#### Sysadmin
* Servers in BGI Tai Po server room
  * Ken found out who owns these servers
  * 192.168.208.43, 192.168.208.73 and 192.168.208.74 are owned by Scott so 
    presume they are GigaScience property
  * BGI have no record of 192.168.208.44 IBM 3630 server
  * 192.168.208.73 is the production GigaDB web server - we keep this
  * Rija, Ken and Peter think we should give 192.168.208.43, 192.168.208.74 and 
    192.168.208.44 servers back to BGI. 
    
#### GigaDB backups
* Start testing Tencent backup procedure on CNGB server
  * Wrote test script for backing up dataset 100866
  * Ken got ITSM approval for backup dataset file deletion
  * Created back up of test dataset 100866
  * Deleted back up of test dataset 100866
  * Executed full GigaDB back up on Fri 30 Apr
  * Problem - If GigaDB data files do not have world read permission then back 
    up procedure will halt
  * Will re-start back up process after CIH updates file permission of 
    problematic file
* Looked into [purchasing NAS drives](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CNNo5YmI3POHtppB9lI4sSwP9dhPhc4Oi-hTGsNpSzo)

### What will I do this week?
* Finish GigaDB backup
* Finalise NAS purchase
* Get Ken to inform Michael, CNGB and ITSM of new backup plans
* TPM recruitment


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
  * Fix intermittently failing tests for DatasetViewTest due to timeout 
    exceptions
  * Fix setup script:
    * will crash on less compilation sometimes when composer install takes too 
      long
    * if .env not present, will create one and ask user for gitlab token and 
      repo name
  * Working on screencast for first topic
* SCRUM:
  * Planning Poker last Thursday
  * Story Writing workshop last Friday
  * Sent email with protocol for working with bugs - keep Github issue template
    for bugs for curators to use and we triage them

### What will I do this week?
* Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
  * Working on screencast for first topic
* [SCRUM](https://github.com/orgs/gigascience/projects/1?fullscreen=true):
  * Planning Poker on Thursday 6th May
  * Story Writing workshop on Friday 7th May
* Backup plan:
  * Review [list of NAS](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CNNo5YmI3POHtppB9lI4sSwP9dhPhc4Oi-hTGsNpSzo/edit?usp=sharing)
* DOI Minting:
  * Review [prototyping summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HY7hvnhn0-dgpJadVNkh9QlLEWB7i9fFZwjkOXodA-g/edit?usp=sharing)

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* DOI minting project
  * Wrote Mint DOI project report to summarise about requirements and expected 
    outputs. Work depends on Chris for EM access. Then need to use Crossref API 
    to get article to get JSON return to get DOI. Next step is to get DOI for 
    Publons reviews link. Also need to upload metadata to create DOI
* Add delete button feature
  * Initially used html code and css code but after that Peter sent some code to 
    display file attributes
* Confirmed ownership of BGI servers

### What will I do this week?
* Study how to upload metadata for creating DOI using DataCite server
* Look for learning materials to learn about Terraform and Ansible
* Follow up PR comments on reviewing Github issues
* Study issue 422 - create dynamic help page for dynamic controlled vocabulary

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
