---
layout: default
title:  "SCRUM meeting"
date:   2021-04-26
categories: meetings
---
# SCRUM meeting minutes for {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

## Peter

### What did I do last week?

#### Admin
* [TPM recruitment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s0j0ZVY6NPz--2Y3xReVzR-F-OP97izJ1MYNP465XWE)
  * Create [google drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ZocCMmEPyMl_JJmOkdyqq8jMyQZMJ3JP) with tpm applications for people to view
  * Preliminary shortlisting of candidates

#### Ken's work
* Fix email notifications from CI/CD pipeline for Ken
* [Retrieve citation details in dataset page](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/521)
  * Looked at why behat `Scenario: new dataset with mandatory fields filled in`
    is broken - a mock dataset page is created so citation button code will try 
    to find citation information for a non-existent DOI (100900)
* [Add delete file attribute in adminFile page](https://github.com/gigascience/gigadb-website/pull/503 )
  * If there are no file attributes then don't display anything
  * Change File Attribute Value to File Attribute in table
  * Need to display multiple file attributes in separate rows

#### GigaDB backups
* Started testing `coscmd` back up commands
* Continued writing [documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YkiEGdB7gd7wkRZQpFKWPZ2yIxvN4K4GSamd13JxOg0/edit) 
  on how to perform back up

#### Sysadmin
* Email from BGI IT department re: servers in BGI Tai Po server room
* We are migrating to AWS - they give us a reason to gain access to DNS problem 
  for what we want to do
* Find out who owns these servers - GigaScience or BGI?
* BGI want to keep them
* Double check service contract on servers

### What will I do this week?
* Start running Tencent backup procedure on CNGB server
* Look into purchasing NAS drives
* Inform Michael, CNGB and ITSM of our backup plans
* Finalise my shortlist of TPM applicants for interview


### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Rija

### What did I do last week?
* Prepared feedback for Ken
* Screened the first batch of TPM candidates
* Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
  * Working on screencast for first topic
* SCRUM:
  * Add missing acceptance test scenarios for the planned product backlog items
  * Add missing user stories for the 3 stages backup plan
  * Add Ready and Done Checklist
  * Found a free non-spammy [Scrum Poker planning app](https://apps.apple.com/hk/app/scrum-poker-planning-cards/id893134104?l=en)

### What will I do this week?
* Helping with the review of fuw-cicd branch:
  * Working on screencast for first topic
* SCRUM:
  * Prepare Estimation Workshop for planned PBIs
  * Thursday during the VOH slot?

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None

## Ken

### What did I do last week?
* Mint DOI project
  * Get DOI from JSON output
* Github issues
  * Delete file attribute feature 
    * Updated minor changes in scenarios - admin file table and file attribute 
      value - cannot use key value pair for more than one file attributes
    * Need to re-shape array from controller to make it one key pair value - 
      flattening
  * Add citation box
    * Fixed build_app build problem

### What will I do this week?
* Mint DOI project project - add step to get Publons review DOI and pass to 
  Datacite and get Publon review link
* Work on file attribute deletion issue - display multiple file attributes

### Are there any problems in the way?
* None expected.

<hr>

Back to [list of Tech Team meeting minutes][scrum-meetings].

[scrum-meetings]: /techteam/index.html
